Through the perception of, through the, it is "epilience", from the "epilience", cut the grasping
of the mind.
There, guys, it is in the... That means, when we say "epilience", "epilience" in mind, that means "
my experience", we are talking to children, "our experience", "my experience".
Epilience is not coming from outside, okay? So, "epilience" is talking from our point of view, to
our mind's point of view, okay?
So therefore, we see this able, we think that, but it's all to the matter of reflection, matter of
reflection of the mind, mind.
So that is mostly of the mind, mind. And so therefore, then, where is this mind? Clinging on the
mind, mind is empty.
Therefore, from the "epilience", cut the grasping of the mind.
And this, this again, the same way, that from the mind, mind, from the point of view, from the mind
, that classic, false image of this "epilience".
Epilience. Who, again, this "epilience" looks so big, and so kind of wide, vast, and big, so
pervasive, but it is this small mind, or this mind is displayed.
It's not really outside. Epilience is mind. Mind, there is no even difference, this strengthens
between mind and the "epilience" that we can see.
Therefore, this vastness of the "epilience" holds back to the one single state of this, our mind.
Therefore, the "epilience" minds are no difference.
It is the same. Therefore, it is called "one fist".
This "epilience" and "mind" are not our mind. There is no really difference at all.
Why are you now at that time? Why are you listening?
From what I know, "epilience" is our mind. Right?
We try to, again, we are really trying to divide this "epilience" mind separately.
No, we cannot, because "epilience" is "mind", and "mind" is "epilience".
There is no difference. Then it gathers, and then there is also, there is no respect, and no
boundaries there at all.
It depends "epilience" and "mind". Therefore, it is vast. It is infinite openness.
It is pervasive vastness, openness. That is the between "mind" and "epilience".
There is nothing in "epilience". Therefore, "epilience". That is known as "one fist".
One fist is all his mind.
With this realization, or with this meditation, and then reciting this self-realization.